Short jobs policies (#631)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: _uw-research-computing/multiple-jobs.md

please contact [CHTC's research computing facilitators](mailto:chtc@cs.wisc.edu) and we will 
work with you to identify options to meet the needs of your work.

> **Before you continue reading:** While HTCondor is designed to submit many jobs at a
> time using a single submit file, the hardware of the submit server can be overwhelmed

> > if there are too many jobs. If you plan to submit 10,000+ jobs at a time, please let us

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if there are a significant number of jobs submitted at once or rapidly starting and finishing. Therefore, plan ahead for the following to scenarios: 
1) If you plan to submit 10,000+ jobs at a time, please let us
```

> > know. Furthermore, if you plan to submit 1000+ jobs, please make sure that each job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> know, so we can provide options that will protect the queue's performance. 
2)  if you plan to submit 1000+ jobs, please make sure that each job
```

please contact [CHTC's research computing facilitators](mailto:chtc@cs.wisc.edu) and we will 
work with you to identify options to meet the needs of your work.

> **Before you continue reading:** While HTCondor is designed to submit many jobs at a
> time using a single submit file, the hardware of the submit server can be overwhelmed
if there are a significant number of jobs submitted at once or rapidly starting and finishing. Therefore, plan ahead for the following to scenarios: 
1) If you plan to submit 10,000+ jobs at a time, please let us
> know, so we can provide options that will protect the queue's performance. 

> 2)  if you plan to submit 1000+ jobs, please make sure that each job

Author: ```suggestion
2) If you plan to submit 1000+ jobs, please make sure that each job
```
